AA multisig tutorial: language refinement, compiler/libs update, ensure working (#410)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/dev/tutorials/custom-aa-tutorial.md

        magic = bytes4(0);
    }
}
```

### Transaction validation

The transaction validation process is responsible for validating the signature of the transaction and incrementing the nonce. 

> :::info
> - There are [some limitations](../developer-guides/aa.md#limitations-of-the-verification-step) on this function.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
- There are some [limitations](../developer-guides/aa.md#limitations-of-the-verification-step) on this function.
:::
```

To increment the nonce, use the `incrementNonceIfEquals` function from the `NONCE_HOLDER_SYSTEM_CONTRACT` system contract. It takes the nonce of the transaction and checks whether it is the same as the provided one. If not, the transaction reverts; otherwise, the nonce increases.

Even though the requirements above mean the accounts only touch their own storage slots, accessing your nonce in the `NONCE_HOLDER_SYSTEM_CONTRACT` is a [whitelisted](../developer-guides/aa.md#extending-the-set-of-slots-that-belong-to-a-user) case, since it behaves in the same way as your storage, it just happens to be in another contract. 

To call the `NONCE_HOLDER_SYSTEM_CONTRACT`, we add the following import:

```solidity
// Access zkSync system contracts, in this case for nonce validation vs NONCE_HOLDER_SYSTEM_CONTRACT

> import "@matterlabs/zksync-contracts/l2/system-contracts/Constants.sol";

Reviewer: @kailash-manasarovar this statement/comment isn't clear.
Is there suppose to be a link here?

Author: No link, **vs** should be **via**, can you suggest it please @krofax ?

Author: If you look two paragraphs up on the first entry, they explain it. I've changed `vs` to `via`.

```

:::info
- The non-view functions of the `NONCE_HOLDER_SYSTEM_CONTRACT` are called if the `isSystem` flag is on.
- Use the [systemCallWithPropagatedRevert](https://github.com/matter-labs/v2-testnet-contracts/blob/main/l2/system-contracts/libraries/SystemContractsCaller.sol#L75) function of the `SystemContractsCaller` library.
- Import this library also:
    ```solidity
    // to call non-view function of system contracts
    import "@matterlabs/zksync-contracts/l2/system-contracts/libraries/SystemContractsCaller.sol";
    ```
:::

> Use the `TransactionHelper` library (already imported above with `using TransactionHelper for Transaction;`) to get the hash of the transaction that should be signed. You can also implement your own signature scheme and use a different commitment for signing the transaction, but in this example we use the hash provided by this library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `TransactionHelper` library, as imported above with `using TransactionHelper for Transaction;` to get the transaction hash that should be signed. You can also implement your own signature scheme and use a different commitment for signing the transaction, but in this example, we use the hash provided by this library.
```

        (accountAddress) = abi.decode(returnData, (address));
    }
}
```

> It's worth remembering that, on zkSync, contract deployments are not done via bytecode, but via bytecode hash. The bytecode itself is passed to the operator via the `factoryDeps` field. Note that the `_aaBytecodeHash` must be formed in the following manner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's worth remembering that, on zkSync Era, [contract deployments](../building-on-zksync/contracts/contract-deployment.md)  are not done via bytecode, but via bytecode hash. The bytecode itself is passed to the operator via the `factoryDeps` field. Note that the `_aaBytecodeHash` must be formed in the following manner:
```

- Firstly, it is hashed with sha256.
- Then, the first two bytes are replaced with the length of the bytecode in 32-byte words.

This functionality is built into the SDK.

## Deploy the factory

::: tip

> Make sure you deposit funds on zkSync using the [zkSync Portal](https://goerli.portal.zksync.io/bridge) before running the deployment script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you deposit funds on zkSync Era using the [zkSync Portal](https://goerli.portal.zksync.io/bridge) before running the deployment script.
```

### Deploying an account

Now, let's deploy an account and use it to initiate a new transaction. 

> :::warning
> This section assumes you have an EOA account with sufficient funds on zkSync.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
This section assumes you have an EOA account with sufficient funds on zkSync Era.
:::
```
